today we're going to show you part
number etbc7 and what this kit does is
actually fills in the blanks between
your 4-pole connector and the brake
controller basically on the instructions
of your brake controller and I'll show
you a link between the book brake and a
stop light switch a battery of a lazy
battery and then the line going out to
the connector out back and this kid here
fills in those missing pieces
it will cover each individual part first
we'll start from the rear of vehicle and
work our way forward this part here is 7
and 4-pole to 4-pole adapter and what
this will do is this will plug into your
existing for pool did you have on your
vehicle find it has been installed it
came from the factory that way just
plugs in like so into your 4-pole and
then just gets grounded to the body of
the vehicle you have a couple extra
wires black wire gets ran to the battery
blue wire here actually gets ran to the
blue wire and your brake controller then
finally we have this purple wire here
which actually technically gets ran to
reverse lights if you don't need this
wire or a black wire you don't have to
install it
but for brakes you definitely have to
have the blue wire installed and then
this on the 7th of the 4-pole adapter it
also comes with this bracket right here
they keep mounted to a bottom of your
bumper or wherever you're gonna mount
underneath the vehicle comes with two
sets of screws these small screws which
will attach it to the bumper or support
bracket whatever you use then these four
screws here will actually go through and
hold the connector in place to the
bracketry gray cable here has two
conductors in it one is going to be
white and one is gonna be black what
happens here just wire gets split back
and gets connected to two wires on the
4-pole to 7 and 4-pole adapter what
happens basically is you're going to
take the blue and black wire and then
your black wire will get ran to black
you want to keep as much as the same as
possible and then the white wire is
gonna get ran to the blue wire here
imagens this loom is to cover up this
will cover the wiring from the adapter
here to the beginning of the cable up
front basically the next step is run
this cable back up to your battery this
will be provide power for the black wire
for a 12-volt power supply going out
that reason why you want to go to the
battery first because you're always
gonna have some leftover approximately 5
to 6 foot and then you don't have the
access
and that excess wire you're a cut-off
and you're on run out between your brake
controller and the batter essentially
you're gonna have one wire going to the
battery the black wire and then you're
cut off the excess and again you're
gonna have another connection of a black
wire going to the battery except the
other black wire will be going directly
to the brake controller so I have two
connections coming off your battery
after you ran to your battery for a hot
lead you're coming back the line between
the brake controller and the battery
itself that black wire has to go through
a circuit breaker depending on your
brake controller we're just gonna be
using a 20 amp or 30 amp that's why we
supply three because different brake
controllers have different requirements
you're gonna use a 20 amp this view 30
amp and then also here we have a 40 amp
this 40 amp you also want to install
between the battery and the 12-volt
power supply going out back so it's
pretty good idea to install these
side-by-side and you'll always have one
of these left over and make all these
connections to the circuit breaker and
wiring kit battery it does come with all
four ring terminals to make the
connection but these two will be going
for your battery and then these four
here I'll be making the connections to
your circuit breakers and then it comes
the buck connectors to make the
connections between your brake
controller and the wiring if finally
comes with 10 zip ties to help secure
all the wiring to the frame components
or any other stationary objects main
thing when you wanna run the wires make
sure you keep away from anything rulings
such as suspension components when
you're coming across the back axle and
of course front axle and then when you
go up to through the firewall you want
to stay away from any of the steering
components as well there you have it for
our overview of part number etbc7